RM Unify Client Library (part of RM Unify SDK for .NET)
=======================================================

Copyright (C) 2013 RM Education Ltd

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL RM
EDUCATION LTD (“RM”) BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE
PROVIDED THAT THIS SHALL NOT AFFECT RM’S LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY
ARISING FROM ITS NEGLIGENCE, FOR FRAUD AND/OR IN RESPECT OF ANY OTHER MATTER IN
RELATION TO WHICH LAW PRESCRIBES THAT LIABILITY SHALL NOT BE LIMITED OR
EXCLUDED.

Nothing in this licence shall serve to affect the terms and conditions for any
other product or service (including without limitation RM Unify) provided by RM
or any other subsidiary of RM plc, each of which shall be governed by those
separate terms and conditions.

This licence shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
England and Wales and, by using the Software, you agree to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
